When it comes to inventory management,
SCM can really have a positive impact.
The information provided using good SCM strategies
can help support a surge requirement for a customer
while minimizing the impact to other customers.
The improved responsiveness and flexibility
that comes from information accuracy and visibility
ensures that VA can provide
service to all customer segments,
all end products and spare parts for products,
quality service to Veterans all over the globe.
For example, VA currently has a robust supply chain
that reaches all segments of the agency.
We answer the call of customers by providing vehicles,
repair parts, services, medical supplies,
durable medical equipment, administrative supplies,
and capital equipment to name a few.